Competency
In this project, you will demonstrate your mastery of the following competencies:

Explain the different methodologies and stages involved in the software development life cycle
Apply the stages of the software development life cycle within an agile development environment
Evaluate various software development methodologies and tools

Scenario


You work for ChadaTech, a company that specializes in custom software design and development for both domestic and 
international clients. For many years, the company has been developing their software using a waterfall development 
model. Recently, ChadaTech has considered shifting all of its development teams to an agile methodology that uses the
Scrum framework. They think the agile approach will enhance their products and build a more cohesive corporate 
culture. However, before the entire organization makes this shift, ChadaTech has decided to pilot this process with 
one small team:

Your team has been assigned to develop an application for SNHU Travel, a travel agency seeking to expand their 
client base with new tools for their customers. Your team will take a Scrum-agile approach to developing the 
application. Additionally, ChadaTech has asked you to lead a final Sprint Review and Retrospective of the development
with your team. This will help your team think through the work that they completed and how the new Scrum-agile 
approach facilitated the development. Finally, you have been asked to present the lessons you’ve learned to the 
broader company to help them decide whether or not to shift all development teams to a Scrum-agile approach.

Directions
Sprint Review and Retrospective
As would normally happen at the end of a Sprint or an incremental release, the Scrum Master will put together a 
Sprint Review and Retrospective. For this deliverable, you will take on the role of the Scrum Master and create a 
Sprint Review and Retrospective to summarize, analyze, and draw conclusions on the work you completed during the 
course of the development. In a paper, be sure to address each of the following:

-Demonstrate how the various roles on your Scrum-agile Team specifically contributed to the success of the SNHU Travel 
project. Be sure to use specific examples from your experiences.
-Describe how a Scrum-agile approach to the SDLC helped each of the user stories come to completion. 
Be sure to use specific examples from your experiences. Describe how a Scrum-agile approach supported project 
completion when the project was interrupted and changed direction. Be sure to use specific examples from your 
experiences.
-Demonstrate your ability to communicate effectively with your team by providing samples of your communication. 
Be sure to explain why your examples were effective in their context and how they encouraged collaboration among 
team members.
-Evaluate the organizational tools and Scrum-agile principles that helped your team be successful. Be sure to 
reference the Scrum events in relation to the effectiveness of the tools. Assess the effectiveness of the Scrum-agile 
approach for the SNHU Travel project. Be sure to address each of the following:

-Describe the pros and cons that the Scrum-agile approach presented during the project.
-Determine whether or not a Scrum-agile approach was the best approach for the SNHU Travel development project.
Agile Presentation Finally, you have been asked to put together a PowerPoint presentation for the leadership at your 
company. You will start by explaining the key facets of the Scrum-agile approach. You will also contrast the 
waterfall and agile development approaches to help your leadership make an informed decision. 

You must use properly cited sources to support your points. In your presentation, be sure to address each of the 
following:
-Explain the various roles on a Scrum-agile Team by identifying each role and describing its importance.
-Explain how the various phases of the SDLC work in an agile approach. Be sure to identify each phase and describe 
its importance.
-Describe how the process would have been different with a waterfall development approach rather than the agile 
approach you used. For instance, you might discuss how a particular problem in development would have proceeded 
differently.
-Explain what factors you would consider when choosing a waterfall approach or an agile approach, using your course 
experience to back up your explanation.

